Threadsafe evaluation (#667)
TuringLang/TuringTutorials: usage/threadsafe-evaluation/index.qmd

On the other hand, accumulators are used to store outputs of the model, such as log-probabilities
The way DynamicPPL's threadsafe evaluation works is to create one set of accumulators per thread, and then combine the results at the end of model evaluation.

In this way, any function call that _solely_ involving accumulators can be made threadsafe.
For example, this is why observations are supported: there is no need to modify metadata, and only the log-likelihood accumulator needs to be updated.

However, `assume` tilde-statements always modify the metadata, and thus cannot currently be made threadsafe.

### OnlyAccsVarInfo

As it happens, much of what is needed in DynamicPPL can be constructed such that they *only* rely on accumulators.

For example, as long as there is no need to *sample* new values of random variables, it is actually fine to completely omit the metadata object.
This is the case for `LogDensityFunction`: since values are provided as the input vector, there is no need to store it in metadata.
We need only calculate the associated log-prior probability, which is stored in an accumulator.

> Thus, starting from DynamicPPL v0.39, `LogDensityFunction` itself is in fact completely threadsafe.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thus, starting from DynamicPPL v0.39, `LogDensityFunction` itself will in fact be completely threadsafe.
```
